Opendistro configuration (#92)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: migration/v0.7.x-v0.8.x/opendistro.md

> Here are the instructions you'll need to carry out inorder to upgrade the opendistro deployment.

Reviewer: Nit pick
```suggestion
Here are the instructions you'll need to carry out in order to upgrade the opendistro deployment.
```

```
## Update opendistro deployment

# Generate new config
./bin/ck8s init

# Update configuration, pay attention to the release notes for replaced and removed variables

# Deploy new release
./bin/ck8s ops helmfile sc -l app=opendistro apply

# Wait for master pod 0 to be up and for elasticsearch to have started

# Reload security config
./bin/ck8s ops kubectl sc -n elastic-system exec opendistro-es-master-0 -- chmod +x ./plugins/opendistro_security/tools/securityadmin.sh
./bin/ck8s ops kubectl sc -n elastic-system exec opendistro-es-master-0 -- ./plugins/opendistro_security/tools/securityadmin.sh \
    -cd plugins/opendistro_security/securityconfig/ \
    -icl -nhnv \
    -cacert config/admin-root-ca.pem \
    -cert config/admin-crt.pem \
    -key config/admin-key.pem

> # Wait for relase to finish

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Wait for release to finish
```

## Clean up old legacy index templates

# Get elasticsearch admin password
es_admin_pwd=$(pushd "${CK8S_CONFIG_PATH}" > /dev/null && sops exec-file secrets.yaml 'yq r {} elasticsearch.adminPassword' && popd > /dev/null)

# Get url to elasticsearch
es_url="https://elastic.$(yq r ${CK8S_CONFIG_PATH}/sc-config.yaml global.opsDomain)"

# Remove ALL legacy index templates

> curl -u "admin:${es_admin_pwd}" -k -X DELETE "${es_url}/_template/*"

Reviewer 2: You have probably tested this. But to me this looks like it will delete all templates, not just old ones.

Author: Yes that is correct. For dev purposes i doubt that anyone has created any extra index templates and in a production cluster i'd assume that the operator has better knowledge about the setup.
But yes I can change it to only remove `kubeaudit,other,kubernetes`.

Reviewer 2: It feels like I'm missing something. We still need some templates right? So if this deletes everything, how do we get new ones?

Author: The are created when the configurer is run
